to our sector
and to the field
inside the country
also aragon
Monsignor Romero will finally be in something that are pending seeing the
boys who were now promoting
He also stressed how this is just the slab
the album came out in the newspaper this week we are going to donate that
in union radio or percent here in El Salvador
as you know this project called pre-salt
we may have forgotten
the last century is good
p we have started we started being music practically the table and now
we are making music a little more critical and that between enough in what
is the mind of the young in savior sociologist that you take micro frob
palm the men my name is louis louis and the bullfighter we are afraid that
I go to the pope jajaj in this tournament the pescozada group tell me what his rap
I understand that he asks to think positive
it has nothing to do with de gea that the myth that rap music is about
black music that seeks violence and what was his rap is positive music
what happens is that we try to capture the culture the common one has
what to express
like any ethnic group
that really represents the culture explained
we want to prove it so that it can be called positive because
positive way or if you can love him in the right way as well we
we close we try to make music that sticks to our reality
in the reality of any Salvadoran then what under that index marked
We are making the music that supports the lyrics of a group of
you are music
but the punch and music
percent with synthesizers and all the pressure but what do the
police pensions most of the disk that we are preparing that follow maría
suescún 2000 neighborhood
yes on the subject of the debate the licit teachers' album
for us for a hundred and project and all the development of the group
been common darkness or against for us for a hundred and project and all the
development of the group
been common darkness where you find yourself in a lot much in me
certainly there was enough help to make it a
a bomb
but it really is a woman that unique and what we are expressed by us
and it is that this effort our experiences
stories of people can not tell the one who wanted to do it
and good for that title and their own neighborhoods because we have different
the church letters
páez and his first album dark days of the neighborhood the song that is sounding
strong on the radio as it is called is called coloring and if on the one hand
is a
each production 100% to three things we create everything
he has also financed politically for a rap group
as duck as blockages must be produced by the for the monetary aspect
yes
it is quite difficult
also that everything about the needs of whoever is doing the music and
all that then everything we do underground is
by the way we follow phyllis that are independent
i know they refer to their texier terrarium
the opposite to a whole
for a hundred then at low belt costs doing you got the surprise
low budget your by your own means
the trying to do things
but watching the series, that's what's important, it's like that because that's
important because there are rap groups
they have the means they do not want to do
and you are that they have that the desire to do it
and that's good because they are promoting themselves come from chalatenango
salvador house
to be promoted that we listen to several radios
I heard them is a useful material or newspapers and how poor the music
Salvadoran and sometimes throw something to capel and sharp certification
so that they go tonight to see them at their live presentation
because therefore something
of them something cyclical message for youth
that we have times udis
the message to melinda haag
since its creation, the one that is providing the president of the colony
We're going - they were beautiful being a classic Guadalajara el Corito
the route
the specialists of the elected fet
Cars
athletics and up
and asked for percent overcoming the projects and mistreating and for that reason
I do not retire I did not stop being active member cost was a mere positive 0 + 0
what I want is first to get money to live very hard work but
safe insurance upa
a point
Moscow
upton peace
both sides
chanting the completed result whips them to two because I have no reason to
so much time now that it was capped since it closed like the padlock that
stop me and that the 90 put 12 with vargas account who understands from January to
December repents from Monday to Friday thousands
there are only two weeks for the stadium and to listen to the group.
I say them
It is with great talent that he is already doing in the hertzian waves of
she radios
and if you really believe then congratulate them when they play live we explain being
alien to that day we are today
on the moon home and art
edge of the eight o'clock at night we will be with a band who we
we have also achieved this unify seems to me far in chalatenango and also
we have percent an event that is sponsored by a group of achá theater
the tjn of this one at this time new theater steve chalatenango the first of
they understand that they are war
in the cinema theater callahuanca contradict remodeling after this step
of the telephone pipeline and peace to do support it because everything this one
faced music
we are interested every time I am going to do
thanks for the moon night at the band festival
in the feminine we wish you the best of luck despite these facts and has
insured for efe
to exercise and bands hopefully the nation will hopefully stay at night
everything is going to go so we'll see each other next
Thursday morning and I stayed
with Marcela who gets with the others all week long because he gets this
Program
also